# Group Meeting Notes

## Breakout Room #1

### Attendee

 + Benjamin Leaptrot
 + Nathan Hummel
 + McKay
 + Jacob Bills
 + Kidus Yohannes

### Project Name

Zoom Peripheral

### Project Objective

Design a product that will help users better access and use Zoom's features

### Challenges and Mitagation Plan

 + If Zoom goes out of style what to do then?
 + Interoperability for multiple platforms (Discord, google Meet, Skype, Team Speak)
 + Is there a non-cost prohibitive, durable product for instructors to use?
 + Design one product exclusively towards educators and one towards students
 + How do we keep making money after we sell the physical product?
 + Create a subscription service

## Breakout Room #2

### Attendee

+ John Michaels
+ Emmanuel Lotubai
+ Spencer Durrant
+ Jason Zavala
+ Salwa Bukhari

### Project Name

Water Depth Sensor

### Project Objective

Make sensor to measure water depth

### Challenges and Mitagation Plan

+ Wireless Communication Communicate to phone, no messy cords
+ Measuring distance through water Ultrasonic, maybe infrared or other wave frequency. Need uProcessor
+ Waterproofing Need waterproof ultrasonic sensor and encasing materials
+ Cheap some sensors exist but may be over $100, need cheaper materials
+ Light weight Must be light weight and compact for use in backcountry. Maybe other applications allow for larger form
+ Choppy water Water is preferrably still, choppy water might cause interference of the sensing wave

## Breakout Room #3

### Attendee

+ Colton Watson
+ Tristan Stotesbery
+ Seth Jackson
+ Mohammed Fateh
+ Colin Pollard

### Project Name

Txty

### Project Objective

Create a textual communication device using radio frequencies. SMS/IM like HANDHELD

### Challenges and Mitagation Plan

+ Interference( Nature, cell towers, etc.)
Choosing most appropriate frequency.
+ How to buffer messages?
Split messages into parts, limit message.
+ Sourcing parts (screen, keyboard, antenna, ICs, etc.)
Check distributors for parts, maybe fabricate something custom?
+ Understanding radio communication (need expert here)
Many different kinds of frequencies, some require licenses
+ Power (need expert here)
18650, DC-DC converters
+ Message verification
error correcting code - Hammng code?
+ How to keep it handheld?
+ How to keep it durable?
+ How to keep it reasonably priced?

## Breakout Room #4

### Attendee

+ Scott Crowley
+ Shawn Michael Linnebach
+ Alexander Charters
+ Aaron Tea

### Project Name

Seek and Destroy

### Project Objective

Develop drones to triangulate the position of RF communications to locate the enemy

### Challenges and Mitagation Plan

+ The power, most of the power would be spent on the flight but you need enough
     => to send communication back still
+ Need to try and develop and automated flight control for easy use
+ May be mountains and other terrain that might make triangulation difficult
    => and weather poses a problem to the flight of the drone
+ Drone must be connected to GPS constantly

## Breakout Room #5

### Attendee

+ Brady Smith
+ Sam Hirsch
+ Brandon Chen
+ Benjamin Wadsworth
+ Dalton Clift

### Project Name

Life Alert: WILD

### Project Objective

Develop a trail tracking system that allows for emergency tracking. In addition to reporting position for non-emergency tracking, allows emergency messages to be sent with additional information such that emergency teams will be prepared for the situation.

### Challenges and Mitagation Plan

+ Cost
+ Standardizing a system across emergency response agencies
=> A central hub allows emergency response agencies to accept tips in different ways.
+ Weather and water proofing equipment
=> Put the device in a waterproof case that doesn't inhibit signals, use some sort of nanocoating to waterproof it.
+ Determing conversation protocol
=> Conversation protocol will come from some experimentation with standard systems for text-based and voice-based communication. We will have to gaurantee delivery for vital messages so it may help to start from something like TCP over satellite. 
+ Security
=> Using a cetralized system, the public key is pre-programmed. The message is encrypted when sent, and an included key in the message allows an encoded ACK.

## Breakout Room #6

### Attendee

+ Phelan Hobbs
+ Joshua Merrill
+ Luke Majors
+ Ye Zhou
+ Todd Nielsen

### Project Name

Smart Bird Feeder

### Project Objective

Facilitate easier feed management for pet birds. As well as seemless monitoring and notifications via mobile application.

### Challenges and Mitagation Plan

+ Birds could interfere with the mechanical system
=> Add safety sensors to shut down the system in case of an emergency
+ Mechanical failures
=> Implement software notifications via phone app
+ The system would need to be weather proofed if it were to be used outdoors
+ Cost

